1. “There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for.” — J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers

2. “It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.” — Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince

3. “I am no bird; and no net ensnares me: I am a free human being with an independent will, which I now exert to leave you.” — Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre

4. “It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair.” — Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities

5. “Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful.” — Mary Shelley, Frankenstein

6. “I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It’s when you know you’re licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what. You rarely win, but sometimes you do.” — Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird

7. “A man, after he has brushed off the dust and chips of his life, will have left only the hard, clean questions: Was it good or was it evil? Have I done well — or ill?” — John Steinbeck, East of Eden

8. “The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.” ― John Green, Looking for Alaska

9. “This above all: To thine own self be true, And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.” — William Shakespeare, Hamlet

10. “‘Why did you do all this for me?’ he asked. ‘I don’t deserve it. I’ve never done anything for you.’ ‘You have been my friend,’ replied Charlotte. ‘That in itself is a tremendous thing.’” — E.B. White, Charlotte’s Web

11. “I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart: I am, I am, I am.” — Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar

12. “Love is or it ain’t. Thin love ain’t love at all.” — Toni Morrison, Beloved

13. “We accept the love we think we deserve.” ― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower

14. “And so we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.” — F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby

15. “Generally, by the time you are Real, most of your hair has been loved off, and your eyes drop out and you get loose in the joints and very shabby. But these things don’t matter at all, because once you are Real you can’t be ugly, except to people who don’t understand.” — Margery Williams, Velveteen Rabbit

16. “Ever’body’s askin’ that. ‘What we comin’ to?’ Seems to me we don’t never come to nothin’. Always on the way.” — John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath

17. “Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.” — Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights

18. “There are years that ask questions and years that answer.” — Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God

19. “I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship.” — Louisa May Alcott, Little Women

20. “All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.” — Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

21. “Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.” — Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore

22. “It is nothing to die; it is dreadful not to live.” — Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

23. “Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.”  — George Orwell, Nineteen Eighty-Four

24. “Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.” — Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man

25. “Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again.” — Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca

26. “It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.” — Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice

27. “Tomorrow I’ll think of some way to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day.” — Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind

28. “Why, sometimes, I’ve believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.” — Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking-Glass

29. “Don’t ever tell anybody anything. If you do, you start missing everybody.” — J. D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye

30. “It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.” ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone